Reorganize our it-and-security directory (#24278)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/engineering/README.md

It is [possible for end users to remove launch agents](https://github.com/fleetdm/confidential/issues/6088) (this is true not just for osquery, but for anything). 

> If the host has MDM turned on, use the `fleetctl mdm run-command` CLI command to push the XML file located at https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/it-and-security/lib/configuration-profiles/macos-send-fleetd.xml to the device, which will reinstall fleetd.

Author: ```suggestion
If the host has MDM turned on, use the `fleetctl mdm run-command` CLI command to push the XML file located at https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/it-and-security/lib/macos/commands/macos-send-fleetd.xml to the device, which will reinstall fleetd.
```
